tell you things are about to get
absolutely crazy for cryptocurrency, for
Bitcoin specifically. And right now, we
are being set up for a massive trap.
We're going to see people get wrecked.
We're going to see people get fooled.
But for those of us who are paying
attention, we are being set up for an
amazing opportunity. And today, I'm
going to be breaking down step by step
these charts. So, make sure to stick
around to the end of the video because
we don't want to be the ones getting
fooled. We want to be the ones
profiting. This could be the start of
something huge because right now Bitcoin
is actually flipping our first local
resistance into support. We're up
$23,000 on this juicy long trade given
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord on June
25th. And we have some very interesting
signals printing on the oscillator right
now looking extremely bottomed out. And
locally, we've officially made a higher
high breaking out and back testing this
key resistance at around $61,000. And
that is actually the first local sign of
strength that we want to see in order to
potentially get a move up to $67,000.
And will we possibly see $67,000 flip
into support and give us a move up
toward the mid70s? This is a very real
possibility right now if the following
things happen. So make sure to stick
around, pay attention to the end of the
video because I'm going to be sharing
with you exactly how I am trading this,
what I'm looking for. I'm currently up
right now $26,000 on this long trade
given in the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
I'm up another $14,000 on this other
trade over on Bitbase. By the way, guys,
Bitbase, link in the pin comment and
description, is giving away $500 a week.
All you need to do to be eligible is
sign up using my link. And if you sign
up, not only are you eligible for a $500
giveaway every single week, but you're
also going to enjoy VIP level 7 fees,
0.005% limit, 0.02%
market. And speaking of great deals, I'm
also trading on KSEX, which has the
lowest fees in the world. 0% limit,
0.01%
market order. It's absolutely amazing.
And I'm also trading on Antarctic
decentralized exchange, totally
decentralized, a DEX with a wonderful
user interface just like a centralized
exchange would have a mobile app and
everything. And if you use my link, they
will gift you with secret VIP level fees
that you cannot get at all unless you
use my link. All right, so let's begin
on the weekly time frame here. Two very
important things. Thing number one is we
are currently bouncing from a major zone
of support. This is the macro 618
Fibonacci retracement from the bare
market bottom in November 2022 all the
way to our all-time high on October 6,
2025. And what's interesting about this
also is you can see that not only are we
bouncing from that 618 Fibonacci
retracement, which by the way is one of
the most reactive Fibonacci
retracements, but we're also bouncing
from this area of very high volume. In
fact, if we analyze the volume of
Bitcoin going all the way back to
December 2020, we can see that the
highest volume node in all that time is
right here in this box. Thing number two
is this. For the first time since the
bare market bottom in November 2022,
market cipher B on the weekly time frame
is printing a higher momentum wave as
the price is making a lower low. Now,
it's not confirmed yet, but this is the
first time we've had the possibility to
print one of these rare bottom signals
since the last exact bottom. That's
right. If we take a look here, the price
is making a lower low into our key
support. And market cipher B on the
weekly time frame, we have a deep
momentum wave, money flow in the red, a
more shallow momentum wave forming here,
strangely resembling a set of uneven
butt cheeks. On the left side, it's big
and fat, full of gravy, ravioli, and
cottage cheese. And the right side is
skinny like that waitress at the diner
who talks like this. She's still smoking
cigarettes inside. She's got the coily
hair, the veins popping out of her neck.
She's real skinny. You know, she's got
that Brooklyn accent. Her name's
Dolores. Hey, Dolores. Hey, Jason Hun.
How you doing, Jason Hun? Let me get you
some pancakes, Jason. You're looking
skinny. Is your mom feeding you at home,
Jason? But actually, according to this
article in the New England Journal of
Medicine, the scientific name for this
pattern is called a regular bullish
divergence, where the price forms new
lows, yet the oscillator forms higher
lows. And so, we have this bullish
divergence on our weekly time frame. As
we go down lower to the daily time
frame, you can see we've actually
confirmed some juicy green dot bullish
divergences here. As we go to our 6-hour
time frame, we can actually see that
over time since the beginning of June,
not only are we seeing bullish
divergences here, but we're actually
seeing this purple money flow getting
higher, showing us that money is
actually coming into the market here as
the price is getting lower. We're seeing
bullish divergences on our 4hour time
frame. So, what does this mean for
Bitcoin? My honest opinion is that I do
not believe the bottom is in for Bitcoin
right now. However, I do feel it's
possible that a significant bottom could
be in for the next few weeks. First of
all, why don't I think the bottom is in
for Bitcoin yet? Well, because we're
still in a downtrend. And if we look at
the historic 4-year Bitcoin cycle, we
always bottom out 365 days after the
all-time high coming down to the zone
around the 786 Fibonacci is what we did
back here in 2018. It's what we did back
here in 2022. And so our projected
bottom time and price is coming in this
green box where we're currently tapping
into right now. But it we're expecting
around the beginning of October and also
we're expecting the price to potentially
get one last big dip down just below
$40,000. So right now the trend is our
friend. The pattern is our friend.
History doesn't repeat, but it rhymes
for the last three Bitcoin cycles. And
so therefore there is nothing on the
chart that's telling me right now the
bottom is in. But there are things on
the chart that are telling me the bottom
is very close potentially just a few
months away. And combined with all these
bullish signs on the weekly, the daily,
the six hour, the 4 hour, we are
actually seeing Bitcoin locally start to
change into bullish market structure. We
haven't actually seen this guys since
our high at $67,000. What do I mean by
that? Well, ever since we came down, we
formed a really nice bottom here. We
tapped into our 618. We took some stop
losses. We formed a rounded bottom. And
now we're officially making a higher
high above these previous highs in the
downtrend. So on our low time frames,
this is actually our first sign of
strength. Now, what do we need to see
next for Bitcoin to get more upside?
Well, we need to see a reclaim and a
back test of $62,000.
If we can get a reclaim and a back test
of $62,000, we are back inside this
range that we've been trading since the
very end of January. And if we can
actually get a move back inside here and
hold this now as support, that is very
strong. Why is that strong? Well,
because we're coming down to multi-level
macro, multi-year support. We're forming
bullish divergences. We would be forming
a nice rounded bottom. That would be a
beautiful bullish deviation below the
range with bullish divergences. and then
the probabilities would actually be
highest that we would eventually make
our way up toward the mid70s.
So if we can come back inside this value
area low around 62,000 and we get a back
test then we have ourselves a beautiful
long entry. The trigger would be losing
this orange line at 62K and then a daily
close above the stop loss would go below
wherever we wick on that daily candle.
And really our take-profit one would
have to be around the point of control
of this range around a 2:1 risk-reward
ratio. That's actually not bad if you're
closing the whole trade, but if you want
to hold it as a swing trade, we could
potentially be looking for a 6:1
risk-reward ratio to come back up to the
top of the fair value zone. This is
something that's very possible. Now, of
course, before we come up to that
$75,000
zone, $68,000 is going to be very
important. And here's why. This is the
macro range, but right now we're also
trading this local range. And so we need
to be watching out if we get a come up
here and get a back test that if we just
simply come up to let's call it the
$68ish,000 level and then we get a fake
out of that that actually would have the
potential to take us down either to make
a higher low or a lower low. So as we're
looking for long trades here on signs of
strength, we do need to be cautious at
key areas of support. We need to manage
our risk properly. And if you want to
learn all about that, I have a totally
free course. Go to my YouTube channel,
go to playlists, click Jason Casper free
trading course and check out session
number two. It's eight 16 sessions
totally for free. 18 sessions. Check out
the second one. How to use risk
management to become profitable. This
will teach you all about how and when to
enter a trade, what position size to
use, where to put your stop loss, and
all that good stuff for free. So, as a
trader right now, the next trades I am
personally looking for is number one, a
long trade. If we break out of here and
get some kind of back test of this, look
for a long, I would have to be looking
for either a take-profit on the long or
a short or both. If I see a fake out of
$67,000,
and then also I would have to be looking
for rejections for take profits or short
trades. number one at the value area
high at 75.5 or simply a fake out of the
overall range high. Now, I do think it's
very probable is actually the scenario
that I'm most interested in trading
right now is that we do have a bullish
July. We see the price come up to this
$82,000ish zone up here. We get a big
fake out. Then we get the big drop with
big capitulation heading into the fall.
And that actually gives us our bottom.
That's where we're going to see the
weekly market cipher B actually confirm
the green dot. And then eventually from
that bottom when we dip below this last
wick coming into the 40s, that's when
we're going to start to see the monthly
bottom form. And that's actually when I
believe all hope will be lost, which is
always the cycle bottom. If you guys
remember the sentiment back here after
FTX went down, people were thinking it
was over. So that's my actual preferred
scenario right here. Chill in this range
for a little bit longer. get people
ultra bullish, get people ultra bearish
right into our targeted cycle bottom and
then enter into a new bull market. So
guys, that's it for this video. Make
sure to like, subscribe, click the bell,
and may God bless you all in the name of
Jesus, Yeshua, the Messiah. I pray you
and your families are super blessed in
many ways. And I will see everybody in
the next video. Man, it's hot out here
today, guys, on this treadmill, let me
tell you.